docs: Add info to create compound component regarding createComponent (#3057)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/CREATING_COMPOUND_COMPONENTS.mdx

This document will go through building a simplified Disclosure component to help solidify the
concepts. We will cover:

- [Non Coordinated Components](#non-coordinated-components)
- [Models](#models)
- [Container Components](#disclosure-component)
- [Sub-components](#disclosuretarget-component)
- [Model Composition](#model-composition)
- [Behavior hooks](#behavior-hooks)

## Non Coordinated Components

> In most cases you'll create compound components that have a model and share information across sub
> components. However, in the case where information doesn't need to be shared, you'll create a non
> coordinated component. These components often represent some styled element with no associated role
> or behavior and don't rely on state and events such as a `Card`, `Flex` or `Button` component. Use
> `createComponent` factory function in these scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases you'll create compound components that have a model and share information across subcomponents. However, in the case where information doesn't need to be shared, you can create a non
coordinated component. These components often represent some styled element with no associated role
or behavior and don't rely on state and events such as a `Card`, `Flex` or `Button` components. Use
`createComponent` factory function in these scenarios.
```

### `createComponent`

> Use `createComponent` when you want to create a rendered element with _no behavior_. This is useful
> for elements that you want to use for styling purposes like container elements, or sub components
> that are simple rendered elements. This utility function will wrap your component in a
> `React.ForwardRef` and allow you to add sub components as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `createComponent` when you want to create a rendered element with _no behavior_. This is useful
for elements that you want to use for styling purposes like container elements, or subcomponents
that are simple rendered elements. This utility function will wrap your component in a
`React.ForwardRef` and allow you to add subcomponents as well.
```
